2 uDig extension points list
============================

uDig Extension Points List
--------------------------

Extension Point

Description

ConnectionHandler

Defines a handler for exception that occur when attempting to import data into the system.

dataWizards

Defines all the data import wizards used by udig.

decorator

A Decorator is a adds meaning to a map or page. The Decorator interface that a decorator extension
must extend consists of a draw() method and a setToolkit() method. The toolkit passed in provides
context for the decorator. For example, a scalebar requires a viewport model and the ability to
calculate the extent of a map; the toolkit provides access to that data. The toolkit the decorator
receives is a read only toolkit. A decorator is not permitted to change UDIG model information. It
can only display information.

dropAction

Attach an action to the drop event in a drag n drop transaction.

editorAreaDropActions

editorInputs

featureEditor

Allow Extenders to add custom features editors to udig. Context menus that open when the ActivePage
has a feature as part of the selection will have an "Edit Feature" item and an "Edit With" submenu.
These new feature editors will begin the "Edit With" menu and if chosen will be also accessible when
the "Edit Feature" item is selected(until the time that a different editor is chosen in the "Edit
With" menu"

featureType

List featureType operation extensions. FeatureType Operations as choices within the "Operation" menu
(context, popup, and tools menu), and are typically used to process reports and summaries, perform
modificaitons on the content in place, or transform content.

infoDisplay

itemProviderAdapterFactories

Used to allow other plug-ins to contribute their own item provider adapter factories generated by
EMF.Edit for use in views.

layerOp

Performs an operation on one or more layers in a map. Layer operations are listed under the layer
menu and in context menus in the layer view when a layer is right clicked. In order provide a
scalable solution the layer operation extension point requires a extension to declare a filter that
will allow the menu managers to determine whether the layer operation is interested in the layer. If
it is then the operation will be added to the menu. Otherwise the operation will be left out of the
menu.

mapgraphic

ServiceExtension

operation

operationExtension

Any new type of extension that cannot be satisfied by the normal operations extension point can
extend this extension point. Extenders must have an operation element that matches the operations
element in operation.exsd.

persister

Persist objects of a specified type. Persistence is achievied by using a memento to capture internal
object state.

projectElementFactories

projectElementFactories

provider

Provide object instances. Providers must declare the type of object they provide, and an optional
key which identifies the object type.

renderer

A Renderer interprets spatial data and represents the data in a visual manner. In UDIG there are
different types of renderers that can render different types of data. For example, a feature
renderer can render features data. A WMS renderer can communicate with and render images from a web
map server. The API requires that a Renderer extension must create a RenderMetrics class, which can
provide metrics about how fast a renderer can provide its service, a RenderMetricsFactory class,
which can determine if a data source can be rendered by the renderer and can create RenderMetrics
that provide metrics with regard to a particular data source and, last, a renderer extension must
provide an implementation of the Renderer Interface. Normally by extending the abstract superclass
which handles threading and event notification for the renderer. For the sake of simplicity and
security a toolkit object is provided that the renderer can use. This provides the user with a
buffered image that the renderer can write on and provide a single interface for obtaining all
information that the renderer may need.

renderExecutor

Declares render executors to use for rendering particular types of renderers. Renderers are not
required to implement a executor. The default ones will work in most cases.

selectionOp

An definition for an operation on a map's or layer's current selection. A layer's selection is
represented by the filter returned by getFilter. The selection is the features selected by the
filter. A map's selection is the join of all the layer's selections.

sldEditorPart

Style Layer Desriptor (SLD) style content.

style

Configures a style object. Responsibilties include:
 Creating a ui to allow user configuration of a style object.
 Placing style object information onto the style blackboard of a layer.
 Determining if a style configurator can be used to configure the style of a particular layer.

styleDefinition

Styles are represented as a Memento object which contains style information as a tree of mementos
each of which contains strings. Only the renderers that render a layer know the concrete style
class. This means that only certain renderers are capable of rendering certain styles. However as
far as UDig is concerned a style is a memento. This causes problems with the user interface because
udig does not know anything about the style. To overcome this limitation a style must be associated
with an editor dialog. The editor must extend the StyleEditor class. A style is used for rendering
purposes. Renderers use style objects when rendering Layer data. A style can be any object.
Extenders are expected to create the style object itself, as well as an implementation of
StyleContent which is uses a factory for the style. Style objects are placed onto a Layer blackboard
so they can be accessed by other entities such as Renderers and StyleConfigurators.

styleConfigurator

templates

A Template is used to layout elements on a Page that will be use for printing.

tool

Allows third-party developers to develop new tools for UDIG and is one of the most used points of
extension. There are three different type of tools and two ways of grouping tools. The three type of
tools are as follows:
 **Action Tool** - A single fire tool that performs a single action and is not modal, a buttons that
sets the viewport so it frames the current selection is an example of an action tool. Action tools
must implement the ActionTool interface.
 **Modal Tool** - A tool that has on and off modes. When a modal tool is "on" it waits for user
input and reacts on it. An example of a modal tool is the zoom tool. Modal tools must implement the
ModalTool interface and are recommended to implement the AbstractModalTool class.
 **Background Tool** - A tool that is always active in the background. A typical background tool
would be limited to providing user feedback. An example is the cursor position tool that displays
the current mouse location in world coordinates. Background tools must implement the Tool interface
and are recommended to implement the AbstractTool class.
 To address the need to provide locations for large numbers of tools developers can add tools to
views. In addition, a standard tool views is defined and new tools are added to the tool viewer by
default. It is recommended that if a large number of tools are being added then a new view should be
created to hold the tool set. The setToolkit method is called by UDIG in order to provide a tools
with a toolkit object that it can use as a facade for access UDIG, UDIG command factories and send
command object to UDIG.
