Irc Meeting -- 28 February 2007
###############################

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Community Plugins :  |
| IRC Meeting -- 28    |
| February 2007        |
| This page last       |
| changed on Mar 08,   |
| 2010 by jgarnett.    |
| This week's uDig     |
| meeting:             |
|                      |
| | 0) what is up      |
| |  1) workshops      |
| |  2) operations     |
|                      |
| | 10:12 - <Jody\_>   |
| (now all we need to  |
| do is wait for       |
| andrea |image32| )   |
| |  10:12 - <moovida> |
| evening |image33|    |
| what exactly does    |
| the number 0 mean?   |
| |  10:12 - <moovida> |
| here I am already    |
| |  10:13 - <Jody\_>  |
| zero is generaly the |
| absense of a number  |
| :-D                  |
| |  10:13 - <moovida> |
| I couldn't miss this |
| |image34|            |
| |  10:13 - <Jody\_>  |
| 0) what is everyone  |
| up to (one line      |
| each)                |
| |  10:13 - <moovida> |
| |image35|            |
| |  10:13 - <moovida> |
| what is everyone up  |
| to?                  |
| |  10:13 - <Jody\_>  |
| Jody: I am looking   |
| at GeoAPI Geometry   |
| Factory, and drawing |
| a picture before we  |
| get to agenda topic  |
| #2                   |
| |  10:13 - <Jody\_>  |
| (your turn)          |
| |  10:14 - <moovida> |
| oh, alright          |
| |  10:14 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Jesse: Bugs are my   |
| enemy!!!             |
| |  10:14 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Renderer and editing |
| bugs for me          |
| |  10:14 - <moovida> |
| I'm finding a way to |
| get to FOSS4G        |
| |  10:14 - <moovida> |
| is this enough?      |
| |image36|            |
| |  10:15 - <moovida> |
| I gave a look at     |
| GEF, met the         |
| coverage guys,       |
| |  10:15 - <moovida> |
| and am ready to      |
| start with           |
| operations design    |
| |  10:15 - <moovida> |
| (at least to talk    |
| about it)            |
| |  10:16 - <Jody\_>  |
| he he - one line :-D |
| (so we can be quick) |
| |  10:16 - <Jody\_>  |
| moovida - jesse and  |
| I are actually in a  |
| conference call at   |
| the same time        |
| |  10:16 - <Jody\_>  |
| (is it okay if we    |
| are distracted       |
| occasionally?)       |
| |  10:16 - <moovida> |
| that is okay, don't  |
| worry |image37|      |
| |  10:17 - <Jody\_>  |
| We only found out    |
| about this           |
| yesterday; but still |
| wanted todo the udig |
| meeting ...          |
| |  10:17 - <Jody\_>  |
| cool.                |
| |  10:17 - <Jody\_>  |
| chorner ? update     |
| (you still working   |
| on build stuff?)     |
| |  10:17 - <chorner> |
| only a little        |
| |  10:17 - <chorner> |
| besides that, not    |
| much uDig            |
| |  10:19 - <chorner> |
| next?                |
| |  10:20 - <moovida> |
| other up tos?        |
| |  10:20 - <moovida> |
| should we step to    |
| 1)?                  |
| |  10:21 - <chorner> |
| 1) workshops         |
| |  10:21 - <chorner> |
| FOSS4G2007 + uDig    |
| |  10:21 - <chorner> |
| deadline today!      |
| |  10:21 - <moovida> |
| is there already     |
| something for udig?  |
| |  10:22 - <chorner> |
| i think we are going |
| to submit two        |
| workshops, based     |
| loosely on the       |
| walkthroughs         |
| |  10:23 - <chorner> |
| is there a           |
| possibility of a     |
| third on jgrass?     |
| |  10:23 - <Jody\_>  |
| jesse an I are on    |
| that one right now   |
| |  10:23 - <Jody\_>  |
| workshop is a        |
| **lot** of work      |
| |  10:23 - <Jody\_>  |
| (class room setting) |
| |  10:23 - <moovida> |
| I wrote a mail in    |
| the list             |
| |  10:23 - <Jody\_>  |
| A presentation may   |
| be a more relaxed    |
| idea ...             |
| |  10:23 - <moovida> |
| but got no answer    |
| |  10:23 - <Jody\_>  |
| but doing something  |
| for foss4g is a      |
| great idea           |
| |  10:24 - <moovida> |
| apart of one person  |
| offlist... which     |
| would found my       |
| travel               |
| |  10:24 - <moovida> |
| |image38|            |
| |  10:24 - <moovida> |
| so I almost finished |
| to write one on      |
| JGrass               |
| |  10:24 - <moovida> |
| hydro-geomorphologic |
| application          |
| |  10:24 - <moovida> |
| We do a course about |
| it with the          |
| university           |
| department           |
| |  10:24 - <moovida> |
| so I know it's lot   |
| of work              |
| |  10:25 - <moovida> |
| but we have already  |
| lots of material     |
| |  10:25 - <moovida> |
| so... it will depend |
| on if it is acepted  |
| |  10:25 - <moovida> |
| I hope there is      |
| interest... in that  |
| kind of analysis...  |
| |  10:26 - <moovida> |
| the silence in ml    |
| gave me doubts       |
| |  10:26 - <moovida> |
| ?                    |
| |  10:26 - <Jody\_>  |
| sweet                |
| |  10:26 - <Jody\_>  |
| moovida do you have  |
| like the template    |
| and so on?           |
| |  10:26 - <Jody\_>  |
| needs like 400 words |
| and that sort of     |
| thing                |
| |  10:26 - <moovida> |
| yes, almost done     |
| |  10:26 - <Jody\_>  |
| specific / practicle |
| seems to be better   |
| |  10:26 - <Jody\_>  |
| cool!                |
| |  10:27 - <moovida> |
| it's for a 3 hour    |
| workshop..           |
| |  10:27 - <Jody\_>  |
| I am going to upload |
| a picture in the     |
| next 5 mins          |
| |  10:27 - <Jody\_>  |
| (about opperations)  |
| |  10:27 - <moovida> |
| with less it is      |
| impossible... so I   |
| will try my luck     |
| only with that       |
| |  10:27 - <Jody\_>  |
| good                 |
| |  10:27 - <moovida> |
| alright              |
| |  10:27 - <Jody\_>  |
| we are going to do   |
| ours twice           |
| |  10:27 - <Jody\_>  |
| once as a three hour |
| (both tracks         |
| together)            |
| |  10:27 - <Jody\_>  |
| and then each        |
| seperatly (ie two 90 |
| min tracks)          |
| |  10:28 - <moovida> |
| yeah, I've seen      |
| that... but time is  |
| too short for 90     |
| minutes              |
| |  10:28 - <moovida> |
| so I keep my fingers |
| crossed              |
| |  10:28 - <Jody\_>  |
| We are also talking  |
| about using context  |
| documents etc .. so  |
| we do not have to    |
| worry about the      |
| class working with   |
| slightly different   |
| data                 |
| |  10:28 - <Jody\_>  |
| cool ...             |
| |  10:28 - <Jody\_>  |
| back to my picture   |
| (or you will be      |
| stuck waiting for me |
| ...)                 |
| |  10:29 - <moovida> |
| ok, where is the     |
| link?                |
| |  10:30 - \*        |
| moovida will be      |
| stuck waiting for    |
| Jody? |image39|      |
| |  10:30 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> So |
| sounds like we're    |
| waiting for jody     |
| |  10:31 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| For now we can       |
| discuss releases.    |
| |  10:31 - <moovida> |
| yup                  |
| |  10:31 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Jody and I are       |
| talking about doing  |
| monthly releases.    |
| |  10:31 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| mid-month            |
| |  10:31 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| when do you want to  |
| have JGrass as part  |
| of the release?      |
| |  10:31 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> or |
| do you just want to  |
| be an update site    |
| for now?             |
| |  10:32 - <moovida> |
| I mean, part of the  |
| release would be     |
| good                 |
| |  10:32 - <moovida> |
| but I don't know how |
| the mechanism works  |
| |  10:32 - <moovida> |
| at what point should |
| it be to get part of |
| it?                  |
| |  10:33 - <moovida> |
| (at least I wanted   |
| to have the          |
| operations design    |
| done first)          |
| |  10:33 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> so |
| to be part of the    |
| release we need you  |
| to have a JGrass     |
| Feature              |
| |  10:34 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| then we can add the  |
| feature to the       |
| product and JGrass   |
| will part of the     |
| official release     |
| (more or less) we    |
| have to make some    |
| modifications to the |
| nightly build as     |
| well.                |
| |  10:34 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> It |
| is a matter of when  |
| you think (and I     |
| suppose we think)    |
| that JGrass is ready |
| to be part of the    |
| official release.    |
| |  10:35 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Options:             |
| |  10:35 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> 1. |
| JGrass is an update  |
| site so it can be    |
| installed into uDig  |
| |  10:35 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> 2. |
| JGrass is update     |
| site and part of     |
| nightly builds       |
| |  10:36 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> 3. |
| JGrass is in nightly |
| and part of the      |
| official release     |
| |  10:36 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> I  |
| think we should do   |
| at least option 2.   |
| |  10:36 - <moovida> |
| Agreed               |
| |  10:36 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| anyone else have an  |
| opinion?             |
| |  10:37 - <moovida> |
| what would that      |
| mean, differently    |
| from option 3?       |
| |  10:37 - \*        |
| Jesse\_Eichar77 has  |
| quit IRC (Read       |
| error: 104           |
| (Connection reset by |
| peer))               |
| |  10:37 - \*        |
| Jesse\_Eichar77 has  |
| joined #udig         |
| |  10:38 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| help                 |
| |  10:38 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| phew I'm back        |
| |  10:38 - <chorner> |
| define "official     |
| release"             |
| |  10:38 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| RC10                 |
| |  10:38 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| and on               |
| |  10:38 - <moovida> |
| (what would that     |
| mean, differently    |
| from option 3?)      |
| |  10:38 - <chorner> |
| we would still       |
| package an LGPL and  |
| GPL version though?  |
| |  10:39 - <chorner> |
| but the GPL would be |
| "official"?          |
| |  10:39 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| The source code for  |
| uDig would be LGPL   |
| |  10:39 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| the SDK would not    |
| have JGrass in it so |
| it would be LGPL     |
| |  10:39 - <chorner> |
| oh... ok |image40|   |
| |  10:40 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| the release would be |
| GPL I guess          |
| |  10:40 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| but could strip out  |
| JGrass to be LGPL    |
| |  10:40 - <chorner> |
| just afraid we'll    |
| end up like          |
| geoserver            |
| |  10:40 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| JGrass is purely an  |
| extension so it does |
| not affect uDig or   |
| any plugins built on |
| uDig                 |
| |  10:41 - <moovida> |
| what do you mean?    |
| |  10:41 - <moovida> |
| what is the problem  |
| with geoserver?      |
| |  10:42 - <chorner> |
| important chunks of  |
| it are GPL, and that |
| sends some           |
| developers running   |
| away screaming       |
| |  10:42 - <Jody\_>  |
| picture done         |
| |  10:42 - <Jody\_>  |
| putting on wiki      |
| |  10:42 - <moovida> |
| understand           |
| |  10:42 - <Jody\_>  |
| (sorry for the       |
| delay)               |
| |  10:43 - <moovida> |
| alright, how to move |
| on?                  |
| |  10:44 - <moovida> |
| release? picture?    |
| |  10:45 - <moovida> |
| |image41| this is    |
| gonna be a long      |
| night                |
| |  10:46 - <moovida> |
| you guys prefer to   |
| delay all this to    |
| another day? It      |
| seems that you will  |
| be more than         |
| distracted |image42| |
| |  10:46 - <moovida> |
| another possibility  |
| would be in my       |
| morning |image43|    |
| |  10:47 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> So |
| your morning is -9   |
| hours for us. So     |
| 10am is 1 am.        |
| |  10:47 - <Jody\_>  |
| I am good here is    |
| the link             |
| |  10:47 - <Jody\_>  |
| http://udig.refracti |
| ons.net/confluence/d |
| ownload/attachments/ |
| 5902/operation.png   |
| |  10:47 - <moovida> |
| |image44| 10.30 pm?  |
| |  10:48 - <Jody\_>  |
| let me know if that  |
| comes up for you     |
| |  10:48 - <moovida> |
| yup, it is there     |
| |  10:48 - <Jody\_>  |
| Cool ...             |
| |  10:48 - <Jody\_>  |
| So the first line is |
| what we defined in   |
| our design document  |
| ....                 |
| |  10:49 - <Jody\_>  |
| it had an            |
| FeatureOperation     |
| |  10:49 - <Jody\_>  |
| that had some        |
| parameters           |
| |  10:49 - <Jody\_>  |
| and two tracks of    |
| processing           |
| |  10:49 - <Jody\_>  |
| one for FeatureTypes |
| (what a graphical    |
| user interface would |
| run when trying to   |
| see what connections |
| could be made)       |
| |  10:49 - <Jody\_>  |
| and one for Features |
| ... when doing the   |
| actual data          |
| processing.          |
| |  10:50 - <Jody\_>  |
| (hopefully this was  |
| your understanding   |
| after reviewing that |
| pdf; or talking to   |
| me ...)              |
| |  10:50 - <Jody\_>  |
| I just want to put   |
| this one out there   |
| as a reference point |
| |  10:50 - <Jody\_>  |
| so we can talk about |
| why it did not       |
| succeed.             |
| |  10:50 - <moovida> |
| I have a big, big    |
| problem with that    |
| picture...           |
| |  10:50 - <moovida> |
| or better with the   |
| thought behind it    |
| |  10:50 - <Jody\_>  |
| There are many       |
| problems - ...       |
| |  10:50 - <Jody\_>  |
| you first!           |
| |  10:51 - <moovida> |
| alright              |
| |  10:51 - <moovida> |
| I think we need      |
| operations that      |
| check the type       |
| inside,              |
| |  10:51 - <moovida> |
| because when you do  |
| analyses             |
| |  10:51 - <moovida> |
| you have a module    |
| (what you call       |
| operation)           |
| |  10:52 - <moovida> |
| that can take many   |
| inputs and outputs   |
| |  10:52 - \*        |
| Jesse\_Eichar77\_    |
| has joined #udig     |
| |  10:52 - <moovida> |
| values, strings,     |
| features, rasters    |
| |  10:52 - <moovida> |
| whatever...          |
| |  10:52 - <Jody\_>  |
| stop a second ...    |
| |  10:52 - <Jody\_>  |
| I think what you say |
| ...                  |
| |  10:52 - <Jody\_>  |
| is what I was trying |
| to say.              |
| |  10:52 - <Jody\_>  |
| ie it does check the |
| type inside          |
| |  10:52 - <moovida> |
| that is very good    |
| |  10:53 - <Jody\_>  |
| (this one only       |
| checked FeatureType  |
| ... it was an        |
| example to get us    |
| started)             |
| |  10:53 - <moovida> |
| so now I try to      |
| understand it better |
| |  10:53 - <Jody\_>  |
| let me just talk     |
| about the second one |
| ....                 |
| |  10:53 - <moovida> |
| alright, treat me as |
| a newbie             |
| |  10:53 - <Jody\_>  |
| It is tempting to    |
| combine the two (and |
| use                  |
| FeatureCollection)   |
| |  10:53 - <Jody\_>  |
| but we cannot ...    |
| simply because we    |
| need to treate the   |
| Type seperatly       |
| |  10:53 - <Jody\_>  |
| (ie the type changes |
| as processing        |
| happens ...)         |
| |  10:54 - <moovida> |
| right                |
| |  10:54 - <Jody\_>  |
| we need to know what |
| kind of types come   |
| out the other end    |
| ... before we do     |
| processing ... so we |
| can set up our       |
| entire               |
| |  10:54 - <Jody\_>  |
| processing "chain")  |
| |  10:54 - <Jody\_>  |
| So now we get to the |
| diagram at the       |
| bottom of the screen |
| |  10:54 - <Jody\_>  |
| this is only an      |
| idea, to get us      |
| talking.             |
| |  10:54 - <Jody\_>  |
| we need to be        |
| |  10:55 - <Jody\_>  |
| a) no tied to        |
| Feature (we want to  |
| process rasters as   |
| well)                |
| |  10:55 - <Jody\_>  |
| b) we need to        |
| seperate out         |
| metadata (ie the     |
| type of data) so we  |
| can make our chains) |
| |  10:55 - <Jody\_>  |
| c) in the real world |
| not everything works |
| ... 90% in the first |
| passs, 5% on the     |
| failures (need a     |
| data clean up) and   |
| so on ....           |
| |  10:56 - <Jody\_>  |
| does the last point  |
| make sense? It is    |
| something we see on  |
| the consulting side  |
| of things here ...   |
| and we need to plan  |
| for it or they will  |
| just laugh at me     |
| here.                |
| |  10:56 - <Jody\_>  |
| (we have lots of     |
| experience with FME, |
| and with writing     |
| little java/JTS      |
| scripts that process |
| data)                |
| |  10:57 - <Jody\_>  |
| So I tried to draw   |
| that making a        |
| failure workflow as  |
| part of the          |
| "operation" problem  |
| needed to be planned |
| from the start ...   |
| |  10:57 - \*        |
| Jesse\_Eichar77 has  |
| quit IRC (Read       |
| error: 60 (Operation |
| timed out))          |
| |  10:57 - <Jody\_>  |
| I am going to try    |
| and answer questions |
| next ...             |
| |  10:57 - <Jody\_>  |
| and then talk about  |
| what we should do    |
| |  10:57 - <Jody\_>  |
| :-D                  |
| |  10:58 - <moovida> |
| hmmm... I'm trying   |
| to think if we see   |
| it the same way      |
| |  10:58 - <moovida> |
| make a concrete      |
| example              |
| |  10:58 - <Jody\_>  |
| Okay                 |
| |  10:58 - <moovida> |
| give me a foo and a  |
| bar                  |
| |  10:58 - <Jody\_>  |
| Your jgrass raster   |
| format is called     |
| what?                |
| |  10:58 - <moovida> |
| gmap                 |
| |  10:58 - <Jody\_>  |
| okay we have some    |
| information about    |
| gmap                 |
| |  10:59 - <Jody\_>  |
| bounds, crs, and     |
| whatever type        |
| information you got  |
| (number of bands?)   |
| |  10:59 - <Jody\_>  |
| that goes in the     |
| "info"               |
| |  10:59 - <Jody\_>  |
| you have an          |
| operation called     |
| "band select" (this  |
| is a Foo)            |
| |  10:59 - <Jody\_>  |
| it takes a multi     |
| band image and       |
| selects out a single |
| band                 |
| |  10:59 - <Jody\_>  |
| the parameters       |
| controlling which    |
| band is selected     |
| goes into that       |
| Map....              |
| |  11:00 - <Jody\_>  |
| The "Info" chain can |
| take your GMap       |
| "Info" and see that  |
| there are 3 bands    |
| available ...        |
| |  11:00 - <Jody\_>  |
| the user can select  |
| which band as one of |
| their parameters     |
| |  11:00 - <Jody\_>  |
| and the "Band        |
| select" operation    |
| can spit out a new   |
| Info                 |
| |  11:00 - <Jody\_>  |
| with a single band,  |
| same CRS and         |
| everything else ...  |
| |  11:01 - <Jody\_>  |
| When you decide to   |
| hit the go button    |
| (ie drop in a gmap   |
| file at the start of |
| your chain...)       |
| |  11:01 - <Jody\_>  |
| it will actuall      |
| process the content  |
| ...                  |
| |  11:01 - <Jody\_>  |
| taking a multi band  |
| image, select out    |
| the "second band"    |
| based on the         |
| parameters           |
| |  11:01 - <Jody\_>  |
| and spit out a singe |
| band raster          |
| |  11:01 - <Jody\_>  |
| You can chain these  |
| puppies together     |
| ....                 |
| |  11:02 - <Jody\_>  |
| ie the result is an  |
| "info" and a         |
| "content"            |
| |  11:02 - <Jody\_>  |
| You may have an      |
| error condition ...  |
| |  11:02 - <Jody\_>  |
| perhaps the "band    |
| select" operation is |
| only defined to work |
| on content with      |
| descrete bands       |
| RRRRRRR GGGGGGG      |
| BBBBBBB              |
| |  11:03 - <Jody\_>  |
| and will fail on a   |
| combined one RGB RGB |
| RGB RGB RGB ...      |
| |  11:03 - <Jody\_>  |
| that would be a      |
| failure ...          |
| |  11:03 - <moovida> |
| I see what you       |
| mean...              |
| |  11:03 - <Jody\_>  |
| and you can define a |
| different chain to   |
| handle those         |
| failures ....        |
| |  11:04 - <Jody\_>  |
| you could try a      |
| "band de             |
| multiplexer"         |
| operation            |
| |  11:04 - <Jody\_>  |
| (as Foo 2 )          |
| |  11:04 - <Jody\_>  |
| moovida I am totally |
| making this up (I am |
| not so good at       |
| raster stuff)        |
| |  11:04 - <Jody\_>  |
| How am I doing ...   |
| |  11:04 - <moovida> |
| I see, let me        |
| propose a scenario   |
| |  11:04 - <moovida> |
| and lets talk about  |
| the same             |
| |  11:04 - <moovida> |
| right?               |
| |  11:05 - <Jody\_>  |
| Cool ...             |
| |  11:05 - <moovida> |
| I think I would do   |
| some things          |
| different            |
| |  11:05 - <moovida> |
| alright:             |
| |  11:05 - <moovida> |
| I want to extract a  |
| network from an      |
| elevation model      |
| |  11:05 - <moovida> |
| so I have to         |
| simplify 2 steps     |
| |  11:06 - <moovida> |
| 1) preprocess        |
| |  11:06 - <moovida> |
| 2) extractnetwrok    |
| |  11:06 - <moovida> |
| 1 does some          |
| preprocessing on the |
| dem                  |
| |  11:06 - <moovida> |
| it takes the dem in  |
| input and gives a    |
| processed dem as     |
| output               |
| |  11:06 - <moovida> |
| then step two comes  |
| |  11:07 - <moovida> |
| 2) does the          |
| extraction           |
| |  11:07 - <moovida> |
| it needs the dem     |
| |  11:07 - <moovida> |
| a value for a        |
| threshold for the    |
| contributing area to |
| do the extraction    |
| |  11:08 - <moovida> |
| a name for the       |
| output map           |
| |  11:08 - <moovida> |
| and a boolean to     |
| define if the output |
| should be vector or  |
| raster               |
| |  11:08 - <moovida> |
| before I start, I    |
| have to link the two |
| together             |
| |  11:08 - <moovida> |
| but need also a      |
| model representing a |
| value                |
| |  11:08 - <moovida> |
| and one representing |
| a the boolean        |
| |  11:09 - <moovida> |
| (and if there was to |
| read from a database |
| the rainfall data, I |
| would have needed    |
| that also)           |
| |  11:09 - <moovida> |
| when I link them, I  |
| do the consistency   |
| chacks               |
| |  11:09 - <moovida> |
| checks               |
| |  11:09 - <moovida> |
| then I can push play |
| |  11:10 - <moovida> |
| and it will check if |
| all the links are ok |
| |  11:10 - <moovida> |
| the links are alive  |
| |  11:10 - <moovida> |
| do unit conversions, |
| if needed            |
| |  11:10 - <moovida> |
| do consistency       |
| checks               |
| |  11:10 - <moovida> |
| and it should        |
| support time that    |
| goes by              |
| |  11:11 - <Jody\_>  |
| Thinking .... I am   |
| not sure I know the  |
| details of "network  |
| from a DEM" ...      |
| |  11:11 - <moovida> |
| see it simple        |
| |  11:11 - <Jody\_>  |
| are you breaking     |
| down the DEM into    |
| say watersheds?      |
| |  11:11 - <moovida> |
| can also be, yes     |
| |  11:11 - <Jody\_>  |
| (forgive me if this  |
| question is a        |
| distraction)         |
| |  11:11 - <moovida> |
| don't worry          |
| |  11:11 - <moovida> |
| but that is all in   |
| extractnetwork       |
| |  11:11 - <moovida> |
| we do not mind       |
| |  11:12 - <moovida> |
| what we mind is that |
| all we need is       |
| |  11:12 - <Jody\_>  |
| okay                 |
| |  11:12 - \*        |
| Jesse\_Eichar77\_    |
| has quit IRC (Remote |
| closed the           |
| connection)          |
| |  11:12 - <Jody\_>  |
| So based on your     |
| description I do not |
| see a difference     |
| from what I outlined |
| |  11:12 - <Jody\_>  |
| But before we        |
| proceed              |
| |  11:12 - <Jody\_>  |
| can I outline what a |
| the bigger course of |
| action is ...        |
| |  11:12 - \*        |
| Jesse\_Eichar77 has  |
| joined #udig         |
| |  11:13 - <moovida> |
| yes                  |
| |  11:13 - <Jody\_>  |
| I would like us to   |
| define the           |
| interfaces, and      |
| implementations for  |
| a "simple example"   |
| |  11:13 - <Jody\_>  |
| just as programmers. |
| |  11:13 - <Jody\_>  |
| This kinds of specs  |
| our our "domain" for |
| "operations"         |
| |  11:13 - <moovida> |
| great, just know I   |
| will need to play    |
| the openMI card      |
| |  11:13 - <Jody\_>  |
| And I would like to  |
| make this **good**,  |
| clear and complete.  |
| |  11:13 - <Jody\_>  |
| And then I would     |
| like to build a user |
| interface using GEF  |
| |  11:14 - <Jody\_>  |
| (but GEF will come   |
| second; and will     |
| just let us          |
| manipulate the good, |
| clear and complete   |
| "model" we have      |
| already defined.     |
| |  11:14 - <moovida> |
| perfect, this suits  |
| exactly with what I  |
| think                |
| |  11:14 - <Jody\_>  |
| I personally do not  |
| care what our model  |
| is (if you have one  |
| in JGRASS then lets  |
| use it)              |
| |  11:15 - <Jody\_>  |
| The picture only     |
| shows what we have   |
| tried and failed     |
| with; and my idea on |
| where I would take   |
| things next ...      |
| |  11:15 - <Jody\_>  |
| both in terms of     |
| failure handling and |
| in terms of          |
| supporting rasters.  |
| |  11:15 - <Jody\_>  |
| Q: what is openMI    |
| card?                |
| |  11:16 - <moovida> |
| it is the set of     |
| interfaces i would   |
| like to use for this |
| |  11:16 - <moovida> |
| since it is getting  |
| standard for earth   |
| sciences modelling   |
| |  11:17 - <moovida> |
| mainly it defines a  |
| pull method          |
| |  11:17 - <moovida> |
| should I try to      |
| explain a bit the    |
| main interfaces in   |
| the game?            |
| |  11:18 - <moovida> |
| alright, while you   |
| are away I write     |
| some down |image45|  |
| |  11:18 - <moovida> |
| to get openMI        |
| compliant you need   |
| to implement an      |
| interface called     |
| ILinkableComponent   |
| |  11:19 - <moovida> |
| this has a few       |
| important methods    |
| |  11:19 - <moovida> |
| 1)                   |
| initialize(arguments |
| )                    |
| - passes whatever    |
| needed to start      |
| |  11:20 - <moovida> |
| 2) addLink - to join |
| it with another      |
| model                |
| |  11:21 - <moovida> |
| 3) getValues - with  |
| information of time  |
| and the calling link |
| |  11:21 - <moovida> |
| 4) a dispose or      |
| whatever             |
| |  11:22 - <moovida> |
| the model gets a     |
| trigger and that     |
| starts everything    |
| |  11:22 - <moovida> |
| the models are       |
| activated down the   |
| chain                |
| |  11:22 - <Jody\_>  |
| Sure if you have an  |
| existing set of      |
| interfaces I am game |
| to try it out....    |
| |  11:23 - <Jody\_>  |
| Q:                   |
| |  11:23 - <Jody\_>  |
| 1)                   |
| initialize(arguments |
| )                    |
| |  11:23 - <Jody\_>  |
| Is there a way to    |
| see what arguments   |
| are needed? Ie at    |
| runtime...           |
| |  11:23 - <Jody\_>  |
| 3) getValues         |
| |  11:24 - <Jody\_>  |
| does this one do     |
| just data            |
| |  11:24 - <Jody\_>  |
| or does it do type   |
| information as well  |
| ...                  |
| |  11:24 - <Jody\_>  |
| And yes I do like a  |
| "pull" situtation    |
| for data processing  |
| |  11:24 - <moovida> |
| 1) no, the idea is   |
| that the initialize  |
| is called to prepare |
| and check. Only if   |
| everything is ok the |
| trigger is started   |
| |  11:25 - <Jody\_>  |
| but it does not work |
| in all cases ....    |
| it's handling of     |
| failure (as seen in  |
| the feature          |
| processing case) is  |
| poor.                |
| |  11:25 - <moovida> |
| the arguments        |
| probably should have |
| a xml support        |
| instead of beeing    |
| hardcoded            |
| |  11:25 - <Jody\_>  |
| hrm ... so are you   |
| stuck providing the  |
| description of the   |
| arguments yourself?  |
| |  11:25 - <moovida> |
| how would you do     |
| else?                |
| |  11:25 - <Jody\_>  |
| um ... you are not   |
| going to stick XML   |
| in a user interface? |
| |  11:26 - <Jody\_>  |
| the thing that takes |
| the arguments needs  |
| a description of     |
| what arguments are   |
| needed (and probably |
| valid?)              |
| |  11:26 - <moovida> |
| absolutely, I was    |
| thinking of the      |
| properties panel     |
| |  11:26 - <Jody\_>  |
| The                  |
| ILinkableComponent   |
| is created somewhere |
| right? Perhaps the   |
| factory has this     |
| information ...      |
| |  11:27 - <Jody\_>  |
| thinking ....        |
| |  11:27 - <Jody\_>  |
| sorry if I went too  |
| detailed there.      |
| |  11:27 - <Jody\_>  |
| lets get this puppy  |
| to work as           |
| programmers first    |
| |  11:27 - <moovida> |
| no, that is ok       |
| |  11:27 - <Jody\_>  |
| and then make a user |
| interface for it     |
| |  11:27 - <Jody\_>  |
| You will find GEF    |
| about 3 days to 2    |
| weeks of fun ...     |
| |  11:27 - <Jody\_>  |
| (but hopefully we    |
| can cut that down    |
| with Q&A)            |
| |  11:28 - <moovida> |
| I made some          |
| sample... very       |
| nice... but heavy    |
| metal                |
| |  11:28 - <moovida> |
| Q&A?                 |
| |  11:28 - <Jody\_>  |
| having a good model  |
| as a starting point  |
| (sounds like openMI  |
| is good?) will       |
| really help.         |
| |  11:28 - <Jody\_>  |
| Question and Answer  |
| (ie on the mailing   |
| list)                |
| |  11:28 - <moovida> |
| I can send you some  |
| code and we can meet |
| again                |
| |  11:29 - <moovida> |
| to see if it is      |
| feasible             |
| |  11:29 - <moovida> |
| I am boud to it for  |
| a project...         |
| |  11:29 - <moovida> |
| the same that will   |
| pay for the console  |
| |  11:29 - <moovida> |
| so I will be somehow |
| forced anyway        |
| |  11:29 - <moovida> |
| better if it gets    |
| part of the whole    |
| engine               |
| |  11:30 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| lets review openMI   |
| and get back         |
| together? tomorrow   |
| or friday?           |
| |  11:31 - <moovida> |
| I have a problem...  |
| I'm away until       |
| sunday |image46|     |
| |  11:31 - <Jody\_>  |
| um .. we are         |
| programmers          |
| |  11:31 - <Jody\_>  |
| everything is        |
| feasible             |
| |  11:31 - <Jody\_>  |
| figuring out what is |
| a good idea is       |
| harder               |
| |  11:31 - <moovida> |
| |image47|            |
| |  11:31 - <Jody\_>  |
| still if it is a     |
| specification it     |
| means you            |
| |  11:31 - <Jody\_>  |
| a) do not have to    |
| think as much and    |
| can focus on the     |
| programming          |
| |  11:32 - <Jody\_>  |
| b) may get a         |
| community of people  |
| interested in your   |
| result right away    |
| ...                  |
| |  11:32 - <moovida> |
| that is the real     |
| truth                |
| |  11:32 - <Jody\_>  |
| c) may (big if) be   |
| able to leverage     |
| some other peoples   |
| code                 |
| |  11:32 - <moovida> |
| that would be the    |
| first free tool to   |
| integrate it         |
| |  11:32 - <moovida> |
| and I found it good  |
| to use               |
| |  11:33 - <moovida> |
| but it is good for   |
| what I do...         |
| |  11:33 - <Jody\_>  |
| Okay glad we made    |
| contact on this one  |
| ...                  |
| |  11:33 - <Jody\_>  |
| is it bed time?      |
| |  11:33 - <moovida> |
| don't know if it is  |
| the same for you     |
| |  11:33 - <moovida> |
| |image48| 20.33      |
| |  11:33 - <moovida> |
| and I have to finish |
| the workshop         |
| |  11:34 - <moovida> |
| when could we meet,  |
| if not before        |
| Sunday?              |
| |  11:35 - <Jody\_>  |
| Sounds like Jesse    |
| would like to have a |
| review?              |
| |  11:35 - <Jody\_>  |
| So lets take this to |
| email                |
| |  11:35 - <Jody\_>  |
| (sorry if I cut off  |
| your discussion      |
| Jesse)               |
| |  11:35 - <moovida> |
| what do you mean     |
| with take to email?  |
| |  11:36 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> We |
| want to review the   |
| OpenMI               |
| |  11:36 - <Jody\_>  |
| I need to reset my   |
| connection - back in |
| a moment.            |
| |  11:36 - \* Jody\_ |
| has quit IRC         |
| ("Chatzilla 0.9.77   |
| Firefox              |
| 2.0.0.2/2007021917   |
| -")                  |
| |  11:36 - <moovida> |
| Jesse                |
| |  11:36 - <moovida> |
| what do you propose  |
| |  11:36 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| and send you some    |
| feedback on how to   |
| integrate it into    |
| uDig.                |
| |  11:36 - <moovida> |
| that would be great  |
| |  11:36 - <moovida> |
| listen               |
| |  11:36 - <moovida> |
| I have created a     |
| fully working        |
| example              |
| |  11:37 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> Oh |
| awesome!             |
| |  11:37 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| that will really     |
| help our research.   |
| |  11:37 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| what package and     |
| plugin is it in?     |
| |  11:37 - <moovida> |
| don't enjoy too      |
| much...              |
| |  11:37 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| haha                 |
| |  11:37 - <moovida> |
| but they needed me   |
| to put in also C and |
| fortran...           |
| |  11:37 - <moovida> |
| so it has also JNI   |
| in it                |
| |  11:37 - <moovida> |
| makefiles and so are |
| there                |
| |  11:38 - <moovida> |
| so no problem        |
| |  11:38 - <moovida> |
| if you are not on a  |
| MAC |image49|        |
| |  11:38 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| AAARGH!!!            |
| |  11:38 - <moovida> |
| and you ARE on a     |
| mac, right?          |
| |  11:38 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| lol                  |
| |  11:38 - <moovida> |
| |image50|            |
| |  11:38 - <moovida> |
| Q:                   |
| |  11:38 - <moovida> |
| did you ever do JNI  |
| on the mac?          |
| |  11:39 - <moovida> |
| did you ever do      |
| compile fortran on   |
| the mac?             |
| |  11:39 - \* Jody\_ |
| has joined #udig     |
| |  11:39 - <Jody\_>  |
| back!                |
| |  11:39 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| I've never compiled  |
| fortran on a mac     |
| |  11:39 - <moovida> |
| done JNI?            |
| |  11:39 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| but I have done JNI  |
| |  11:39 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> (A |
| little)              |
| |  11:39 - <moovida> |
| that is very good,   |
| then you are ok      |
| |  11:40 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Its really easy with |
| eclipse to get the   |
| libraries linked up  |
| correctly            |
| |  11:40 - <moovida> |
| you will simply put  |
| a print statement in |
| the C code to        |
| isolate the fortran  |
| |  11:40 - <moovida> |
| and you are ok       |
| |  11:40 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| sounds like a mine   |
| field to me          |
| |image51|            |
| |  11:40 - <moovida> |
| I will send you guys |
| the eclipse project  |
| |  11:40 - <moovida> |
| |image52|            |
| |  11:41 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> Is |
| this part of the     |
| uDig integration     |
| already?             |
| |  11:41 - <moovida> |
| I will check and do  |
| that for you         |
| |  11:41 - <moovida> |
| no, not in it        |
| |  11:41 - <moovida> |
| it is a standalone   |
| project              |
| |  11:41 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> Is |
| your uDig plan to be |
| all Java?            |
| |  11:41 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> or |
| some native code as  |
| well?                |
| |  11:41 - <moovida> |
| the main part java   |
| |  11:41 - <Jody\_>  |
| I like the best tool |
| for the job ... uDig |
| as intergration/user |
| interface.           |
| |  11:42 - <moovida> |
| we have to integrate |
| some environmental   |
| model                |
| |  11:42 - <moovida> |
| too complicated to   |
| port them            |
| |  11:42 - <moovida> |
| so we will do JNI    |
| |  11:42 - <moovida> |
| and give them also   |
| GPL                  |
| |  11:42 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Right.               |
| |  11:42 - <moovida> |
| but I don't want to  |
| maintain them        |
| |  11:42 - <moovida> |
| in a release         |
| |  11:42 - <moovida> |
| I have JNI           |
| |  11:42 - <moovida> |
| with all my forces   |
| |  11:42 - <moovida> |
| hate                 |
| |  11:42 - <moovida> |
| have = hate          |
| |  11:44 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| ok. I don't hate JNI |
| but it can be a      |
| problem for          |
| x-platform           |
| compatibility        |
| |  11:44 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Don't worry about    |
| macifying the        |
| project              |
| |  11:44 - <moovida> |
| yes, that is why I   |
| hate it... first     |
| JGrass was all JNI   |
| |image53|            |
| |  11:44 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> I  |
| will check it out on |
| my desktop (win XP)  |
| |  11:44 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| and send comments to |
| the mailing list     |
| |  11:45 - <moovida> |
| great, I will be     |
| online whenever I    |
| can in the next days |
| |  11:45 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| cool                 |
| |  11:45 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| back to the FOSS4G   |
| proposals |image54|  |
| |  11:45 - <Jody\_>  |
| (aisde: it is        |
| snowing - we are in  |
| shock! the flowers   |
| are already out you  |
| see ... so much for  |
| the warm part of     |
| canada)              |
| |  11:46 - <Jody\_>  |
| So meeting done -    |
| gather up logs?      |
| Leave chat window    |
| open as we do        |
| workshop proposals?  |
| |  11:46 - <moovida> |
| :S Italy will have   |
| the same problems... |
| humanity will        |
| extinct              |
| |  11:46 - <moovida> |
| |image55| alright, I |
| run back to my 400   |
| lines                |
| |  11:47 - <moovida> |
| when is deadline     |
| |  11:47 - <moovida> |
| at what hour your    |
| time?                |
| |  11:47 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| good question        |
| |  11:47 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| close of business    |
| maybe                |
| |  11:47 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> 1  |
| sec I'll try to find |
| out                  |
| |  11:47 - <moovida> |
| thanks               |
| |  11:49 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| end of day           |
| |  11:49 - <moovida> |
| ==?                  |
| |  11:49 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> 12 |
| pm?                  |
| |  11:50 - <moovida> |
| you sometimes commit |
| at 3 am |image56|    |
| |  11:50 - <moovida> |
| perfect!             |
| |  11:50 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| |image57|            |
| |  11:50 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| good luck            |
| |  11:50 - <rgould>  |
| 12 pm is in 10 mins  |
| |image58| you mean   |
| 12 am                |
| |  11:50 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| doh!                 |
| |  11:50 - <rgould>  |
| damn ap/pm |image59| |
| |  11:50 - <moovida> |
| |image60|            |
| |  11:50 - <rgould>  |
| am/pm                |
| |  11:50 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| 2400                 |
| |  11:50 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| hows that            |
| |  11:50 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| 24.00                |
| |  11:50 - <rgould>  |
| 00:00 |image61|      |
| |  11:50 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| ARGGH                |
| |  11:50 - <moovida> |
| which is 9 am        |
| |image62|            |
| |  11:50 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| I'm terrible at this |
| |  11:51 - <Jody\_>  |
| 00:00 - 0.0000001    |
| |  11:51 - <moovida> |
| |image63|            |
| |  11:51 - <moovida> |
| alright, it's been a |
| pleasure, as usual   |
| |  11:51 - <moovida> |
| thanks to all        |
| |  11:51 -           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| ciao                 |
| |  11:51 - <moovida> |
| ciao                 |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

+-------------+----------------------------------------------------------+
| |image65|   | Document generated by Confluence on Aug 11, 2014 12:24   |
+-------------+----------------------------------------------------------+

.. |image0| image:: images/icons/emoticons/sad.gif
.. |image1| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image2| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image3| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image4| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image5| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image6| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image7| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image8| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image9| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image10| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image11| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image12| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image13| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image14| image:: images/icons/emoticons/sad.gif
.. |image15| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image16| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image17| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image18| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image19| image:: images/icons/emoticons/wink.gif
.. |image20| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image21| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image22| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image23| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image24| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image25| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image26| image:: images/icons/emoticons/tongue.gif
.. |image27| image:: images/icons/emoticons/tongue.gif
.. |image28| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image29| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image30| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image31| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image32| image:: images/icons/emoticons/sad.gif
.. |image33| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image34| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image35| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image36| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image37| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image38| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image39| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image40| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image41| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image42| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image43| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image44| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image45| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image46| image:: images/icons/emoticons/sad.gif
.. |image47| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image48| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image49| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image50| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image51| image:: images/icons/emoticons/wink.gif
.. |image52| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image53| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image54| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image55| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image56| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image57| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image58| image:: images/icons/emoticons/tongue.gif
.. |image59| image:: images/icons/emoticons/tongue.gif
.. |image60| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image61| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image62| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image63| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image64| image:: images/border/spacer.gif
.. |image65| image:: images/border/spacer.gif
