Irc Meeting - 19 April 2007
###########################

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Community Plugins :  |
| IRC Meeting - 19     |
| April 2007           |
| This page last       |
| changed on Mar 08,   |
| 2010 by jgarnett.    |
| | (10:02) <moovida>  |
| Evening/morning      |
| folks                |
| |  (10:02) <moovida> |
| 19.00 o'clock,       |
| meeting time         |
| |image23|            |
| |  (10:03) <moovida> |
| Anyone around?       |
| |  (10:06) <rgould>  |
| yup                  |
| |  (10:06) <rgould>  |
| sorry previous       |
| meeting went late    |
| |  (10:06) <rgould>  |
| jesse's coming       |
| |  (10:06)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> hi |
| |  (10:06)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> we |
| ready to go?         |
| |  (10:06) <moovida> |
| hi Richard           |
| |  (10:06) <moovida> |
| yup, ready           |
| |  (10:07)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| what's the agenda?   |
| |  (10:07)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> 1- |
| Code Sprint          |
| |  (10:07)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> 2- |
| SDK                  |
| |  (10:07)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> 3- |
| updates              |
| |  (10:07)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| anything else you    |
| want to touch on?    |
| |  (10:07) <moovida> |
| 4) icons and themes  |
| 5) premade widgets   |
| |  (10:08) <moovida> |
| just some questions  |
| |  (10:08) <moovida> |
| any other?           |
| |  (10:09) <moovida> |
| so: Code Sprint      |
| |  (10:09) <moovida> |
| I think you guys     |
| from refraction have |
| home field advantage |
| on this              |
| |  (10:10) <moovida> |
| so I'm listening     |
| |image24|            |
| |  (10:10)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| haha                 |
| |  (10:11)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> So |
| I've added wiki page |
| for suggestions.     |
| We'll collect        |
| suggestions for a    |
| few weeks and then   |
| we can choose one.   |
| |  (10:11)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> (  |
| or a few).           |
| |  (10:11)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| and make a plan for  |
| how we can           |
| accomplish the goal. |
| |  (10:11) <moovida> |
| yes, I think that    |
| will take time       |
| |  (10:11) <moovida> |
| but from the         |
| organizative point   |
| of view?             |
| |  (10:11)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> I  |
| will send a message  |
| to the lists again   |
| with the WIKI page.  |
| |  (10:12) <moovida> |
| you say we can       |
| exploit refraction's |
| place for the        |
| weekend?             |
| |  (10:12)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> Oh |
| right.               |
| |  (10:12) <moovida> |
| so the sprint won't  |
| go further?          |
| |  (10:12)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| the official code    |
| sprint on Friday is  |
| at some place        |
| downtown.            |
| |  (10:12) <moovida> |
| or                   |
| |  (10:12)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> A  |
| hotel or something   |
| that will have       |
| computers for us.    |
| |  (10:13)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| For the weekend we   |
| can have a room at   |
| the Refractions      |
| Office but computers |
| will be more         |
| limitted. So if you  |
| have a laptop make   |
| sure you bring it.   |
| |  (10:13) <moovida> |
| yes, own pc would be |
| better               |
| |  (10:14) <moovida> |
| I'm just thinking    |
| that after a week of |
| conference some      |
| people will be out   |
| of energies          |
| |  (10:14) <moovida> |
| mainly those who are |
| helping out          |
| |  (10:14) <moovida> |
| don't know, never    |
| did this             |
| |  (10:14)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> It |
| is true. But since   |
| the official sprint  |
| is Friday then it    |
| makes sense to just  |
| continue it.         |
| |  (10:14) <moovida> |
| conference + sprint  |
| |  (10:15)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Rather than start    |
| before the           |
| conference then take |
| a 4 day break and do |
| one more day...      |
| |  (10:15)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> Or |
| am I wrong?          |
| |  (10:15) <moovida> |
| alright, yes         |
| |  (10:15) <moovida> |
| so the idea is to go |
| until Sunday         |
| |  (10:15) <moovida> |
| ?                    |
| |  (10:15)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Yes.                 |
| |  (10:15)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| For those who can.   |
| |  (10:15)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> I  |
| plan on being there  |
| on Sunday.           |
| |  (10:16)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> I  |
| think we're done on  |
| that                 |
| |  (10:16) <moovida> |
| yes, ok              |
| |  (10:17) \*        |
| Jesse\_Eichar77      |
| changes topic to '1- |
| Code Sprint 2-SDK    |
| 3-Updates 4-icons    |
| and Themes 5-        |
| premade widgets'     |
| |  (10:17)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| sdk                  |
| |  (10:17)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| how is it doing so   |
| far.                 |
| |  (10:17)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| just looking for     |
| comments.            |
| |  (10:17) <moovida> |
| for me it is great   |
| |  (10:18) <moovida> |
| I wasn't able to     |
| exploit the jts and  |
| so on sources        |
| |  (10:18) <moovida> |
| I unzipped them      |
| |  (10:18)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| You have access to   |
| the GT and JTS       |
| source code ?        |
| |  (10:18) <moovida> |
| I found them inside  |
| some folder          |
| |  (10:18) <moovida> |
| i thought they had   |
| to be unzipped and   |
| added to the source  |
| folder list          |
| |  (10:18)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| You shouldn't have   |
| to unzip them        |
| |  (10:18) <moovida> |
| aaaaaarghh           |
| |  (10:19) <moovida> |
| in fact it didn't    |
| work |image25|       |
| |  (10:19)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> It |
| worked for me on my  |
| mac                  |
| |  (10:19) <moovida> |
| so what should I     |
| have done?           |
| |  (10:19) <moovida> |
| nothing?             |
| |  (10:19) <moovida> |
| in that case it      |
| didn't work...       |
| |  (10:19)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| When you target that |
| directory for the    |
| SDK it should pic up |
| those sources        |
| |  (10:19)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> Ok |
| I'm not done yet     |
| |image26|            |
| |  (10:19) <moovida> |
| nooooooo....         |
| |  (10:20) <moovida> |
| it should have done  |
| it automagically?    |
| |  (10:20)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| yes                  |
| |  (10:20) <moovida> |
| wow...               |
| |  (10:20) <moovida> |
| but I'm sorry it     |
| didn't               |
| |  (10:20) <moovida> |
| but I will do some   |
| more tests           |
| |  (10:20) <moovida> |
| I'm yet doing a      |
| bunch of errors with |
| the plugin           |
| development          |
| |  (10:21)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| I'll take another    |
| look                 |
| |  (10:21)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> It |
| was working for me   |
| but maybe the win32  |
| release had          |
| problems.            |
| |  (10:21)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| I'll send another    |
| message out when I   |
| get it going for     |
| win32                |
| |  (10:22) <moovida> |
| alright, I just      |
| tried a reload and   |
| so but no way to get |
| them into the        |
| sources              |
| |  (10:22)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> ok |
| |  (10:22)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| next                 |
| |  (10:22)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Updates              |
| |  (10:22)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> me |
| first                |
| |  (10:22)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Working on SDK       |
| |  (10:22)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| SDK Nightly          |
| |  (10:23)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Verifying that Index |
| Shapefile is         |
| indexing             |
| efficiently.         |
| |  (10:23)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| and looking for a    |
| memory leak for edit |
| tools                |
| |  (10:23)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| you?                 |
| |  (10:23) \*        |
| moovida you is       |
| moovida? |image27|   |
| |  (10:24) <moovida> |
| I'm back fulltime on |
| the jgrass stuff,    |
| finally              |
| |  (10:24) <moovida> |
| rendering of rasters |
| is at 98%, some      |
| optimizations left I |
| know                 |
| |  (10:24)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| cool welcome back    |
| |image28|            |
| |  (10:25) <moovida> |
| now I'm putting a    |
| test module into     |
| udig                 |
| |  (10:25) <moovida> |
| to be able to        |
| understand what i'm  |
| missing              |
| |  (10:25) <moovida> |
| and I miss some      |
| things |image29|     |
| |  (10:25) <moovida> |
| which I will then    |
| ask in point 4 and 5 |
| |  (10:25) <moovida> |
| console work is      |
| going on             |
| |  (10:26) <moovida> |
| should have a first  |
| test version in 3    |
| weeks or so          |
| |  (10:26) <moovida> |
| that's all from my   |
| side                 |
| |  (10:26)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Any one else?        |
| |  (10:27)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Cory is merging all  |
| changes done to      |
| 1.1.x to trunk       |
| |  (10:27) <chorner> |
| no                   |
| |  (10:27)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> No |
| not anymore?         |
| |  (10:27) <chorner> |
| i'm continuing this  |
| work today           |
| |  (10:27)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> ok |
| |  (10:27) <moovida> |
| what will that mean? |
| |  (10:28) <moovida> |
| I mean, will udig go |
| trunc in near        |
| future?              |
| |  (10:28)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Some time back we    |
| branched 1.1.x off   |
| trunk.               |
| |  (10:28)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> We |
| were keeping the     |
| branches more or     |
| less in sync         |
| |  (10:28)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| but at one point     |
| some of the commits  |
| failed and I got     |
| frusterated and      |
| stopped merging my   |
| changes to trunk.    |
| |  (10:28)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Now Cory is going to |
| try to clean up my   |
| mess.                |
| |  (10:29)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> Is |
| that still on the    |
| plan Cory?           |
| |  (10:29) <rgould>  |
| poor cory!           |
| |  (10:29) \*        |
| moovida fears        |
| branching nightmares |
| |  (10:29)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> no |
| kidding.             |
| |  (10:29) <chorner> |
| yes â€“ sorry, don't   |
| know why i said "no" |
| above... misread     |
| |  (10:29) <moovida> |
| |image30|            |
| |  (10:29)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| lol                  |
| |  (10:29)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> I  |
| owe you a beer Cory. |
| At least one.        |
| |  (10:29) <chorner> |
| |image31|            |
| |  (10:29)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Maybe a case ?       |
| |  (10:30)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> ok |
| 4 - Icons and Themes |
| |  (10:30) <moovida> |
| alright, I'm         |
| thinking more and    |
| more on the icon     |
| problem              |
| |  (10:30) <moovida> |
| udig has been easy   |
| with the eclipse     |
| icon set and the     |
| forcing them to mean |
| raster and vector    |
| and point            |
| |  (10:31) <moovida> |
| but what the hell    |
| should I do with 50  |
| modules that need an |
| icon with some       |
| picture on it?       |
| |  (10:32) <moovida> |
| they would look      |
| strange in the       |
| beautiful eclipse    |
| icon picture         |
| |  (10:32) <moovida> |
| HELP!!! |image32|    |
| |  (10:32)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> uh |
| oh you're asking me  |
| for help designing   |
| icons?               |
| |  (10:32) <moovida> |
| no,no |image33|      |
| |  (10:32) <moovida> |
| obviously not        |
| |image34|            |
| |  (10:32) <rgould>  |
| you mean you want to |
| re-use one (or more) |
| icons across         |
| multiple plug-ins?   |
| |  (10:32)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| phew that would be a |
| disaster...          |
| |  (10:33) <moovida> |
| no, the question     |
| goes back a bit      |
| |  (10:33) <moovida> |
| when we finally come |
| with jgrass into the |
| udig release         |
| |  (10:33) <moovida> |
| we will have to      |
| think on what to do  |
| |  (10:34) <moovida> |
| so for our people we |
| will need a mixed    |
| branding, because    |
| they want to have    |
| JGrass written on it |
| |  (10:34) <moovida> |
| and we will need to  |
| keep our iconset     |
| |  (10:34) <moovida> |
| but alltogether it   |
| can loose some of    |
| the professional     |
| look udig has        |
| |  (10:35) <moovida> |
| because I'm also no  |
| icon artist          |
| |  (10:35) <moovida> |
| so I just wanted to  |
| know what you think  |
| about it             |
| |  (10:35) <moovida> |
| and if someone has   |
| ideas                |
| |  (10:35)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Well for now you     |
| have to use the      |
| icons you have.      |
| |  (10:36) <rgould>  |
| we almost need a     |
| theme engine for     |
| uDig                 |
| |  (10:36)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| Can you make a call  |
| for help to the      |
| JGrass and uDig      |
| communities to help  |
| redesign the icons   |
| for you?             |
| |  (10:36)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| make a wiki page     |
| with the old icons   |
| |  (10:36) <moovida> |
| yes, I think this    |
| should be            |
| |  (10:36)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| and they can add     |
| their new icons to   |
| the same wiki page   |
| |  (10:36) <moovida> |
| yes, I will post the |
| svg of the actual    |
| artwork done         |
| |  (10:36)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| then you can add     |
| them to your plugin  |
| as they are          |
| finished.            |
| |  (10:37)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| SDK update... again. |
| (sorry)              |
| |  (10:37) <moovida> |
| in my dreams it      |
| would be great like  |
| this, but in reality |
| I don't know one     |
| single person able   |
| to do nice           |
| professional icons   |
| |  (10:37)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| seems the upload     |
| failed so the old    |
| SDK is online        |
| |  (10:38) <moovida> |
| old means rc10       |
| |  (10:38)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> no |
| a previous upload    |
| |  (10:38)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| the "good" sdk is    |
| still on my laptop   |
| |image35|            |
| |  (10:39)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| uploading now.       |
| |  (10:39)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| I'll send a email    |
| when its done.       |
| |  (10:39) <moovida> |
| your servers are     |
| extremely slow       |
| |  (10:39) <moovida> |
| I don't think it's   |
| just the distance    |
| |  (10:40) <moovida> |
| I sometimes think of |
| create a mirror, for |
| Italian day use      |
| |image36|            |
| |  (10:40)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> I  |
| think it probably    |
| is. THe server is    |
| not on the island    |
| that I'm on and I    |
| can download an SDK  |
| in about 5 minutes.  |
| |  (10:41) <moovida> |
| One question to      |
| point 5              |
| |  (10:41) <moovida> |
| are the pre-made     |
| widgets to get       |
| layernames or        |
| mapnames in the      |
| catalog?             |
| |  (10:42) <moovida> |
| example: I start my  |
| module, a dialog     |
| opens                |
| |  (10:42) <moovida> |
| and there are two    |
| textfields and two   |
| browse buttons       |
| |  (10:42) <moovida> |
| I should be able to  |
| click browse and can |
| browse all the       |
| available rasters    |
| |  (10:43) <moovida> |
| or just all the      |
| available vectors    |
| |  (10:43) <moovida> |
| I mean               |
| |  (10:43) <moovida> |
| without having to    |
| drag and drop from   |
| somewere             |
| |  (10:43) <moovida> |
| or go through the    |
| whole import wizard  |
| |  (10:43)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77> So |
| if i understand you  |
| want a browse that   |
| browses the catalog? |
| |  (10:43) <rgould>  |
| i'm surprised we     |
| don't have one       |
| already              |
| |  (10:44) <moovida> |
| yes, but something   |
| that shows only      |
| certain resources    |
| |  (10:44) <moovida> |
| If someone has to    |
| choose a raster      |
| |  (10:44) <moovida> |
| he shouldn't even    |
| see the vectors      |
| |  (10:44) <moovida> |
| i feel that is       |
| important, because   |
| else everyone will   |
| create it's own      |
| |  (10:45) <moovida> |
| and again the gui    |
| gets a disaster      |
| |  (10:45)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| There isnt a widget  |
| for that yet.        |
| |  (10:45) <moovida> |
| I will start to      |
| create the ones I    |
| need, then we talk   |
| |  (10:45)           |
| <Jesse\_Eichar77>    |
| sounds good          |
| |  (10:46) <moovida> |
| about them and how   |
| they should be       |
| |  (10:46) <moovida> |
| alright, good then   |
| |  (10:46) <moovida> |
| I have one question  |
| for Richard          |
| |  (10:46) <rgould>  |
| hi!                  |
| |  (10:46) <moovida> |
| |image37|            |
| |  (10:46) <moovida> |
| the menubuilder      |
| |  (10:46) \* rgould |
| just read those      |
| emails               |
| |  (10:46) <moovida> |
| did you read the     |
| post                 |
| |  (10:46) <moovida> |
| ok, perfect          |
| |image38|            |
| |  (10:46) <rgould>  |
| menuBuilder          |
| extension point is   |
| not as you would     |
| expect               |
| |  (10:47) <rgould>  |
| it is an over-ride   |
| |  (10:47) <rgould>  |
| of the default udig  |
| MenuBuilder          |
| |  (10:47) <moovida> |
| the ActionBarAdvisor |
| |  (10:47) <moovida> |
| or how it is called? |
| |  (10:47) <rgould>  |
| if you want to add   |
| an action to the     |
| menus or toolbars    |
| |  (10:47) <moovida> |
| you mean that one?   |
| |  (10:47) <rgould>  |
| mmm i'm not sure?    |
| |  (10:48) <rgould>  |
| i would use the tool |
| API (as it seems you |
| have done) or the    |
| eclipse actionSets   |
| extension point      |
| |  (10:48) <moovida> |
| Adding action is ok, |
| but I miss that      |
| registering method   |
| |  (10:48) <moovida> |
| That menubuilder is  |
| mandatory            |
| |  (10:49) <rgould>  |
| ok I think I may be  |
| totally confused     |
| |  (10:49) <moovida> |
| since by that we are |
| able to add whatever |
| to the toolbar       |
| |  (10:49) <moovida> |
| sorry, come again    |
| |  (10:50) <rgould>  |
| you are using the    |
| net.refractions.udig |
| .ui.menuBuilders     |
| extension point?     |
| |  (10:50) <moovida> |
| i wanted to, but I   |
| then didn't          |
| |  (10:50) <moovida> |
| because i wanted to  |
| add an action        |
| (eclipse, not udig)  |
| to the bar           |
| |  (10:50) <rgould>  |
| yup                  |
| |  (10:51) <moovida> |
| I created the action |
| and would have used  |
| the two methods      |
| |  (10:51) <moovida> |
| in the builder       |
| |  (10:51) <moovida> |
| but usually you do   |
| that by              |
| instantiating the    |
| actions in the       |
| makeSomething method |
| |  (10:51) <moovida> |
| and calll            |
| register(action)     |
| |  (10:52) <moovida> |
| which is supplied by |
| the parent class     |
| |  (10:52) <moovida> |
| which Menubuilder do |
| not have             |
| |  (10:52) <rgould>  |
| one sec, I'm just    |
| trying to follow     |
| along in the source  |
| code                 |
| |  (10:53) <moovida> |
| Alright, while you   |
| look, I try to       |
| resume what I        |
| learned from the RCP |
| book |image39|       |
| |  (10:53) <moovida> |
| page 84              |
| |  (10:53) <moovida> |
| shows how actions    |
| can be added to the  |
| ApplicationActionBar |
| Advisor              |
| |  (10:54) <moovida> |
| method : fillMenuBar |
| |  (10:54) <moovida> |
| like your            |
| |  (10:54) <moovida> |
| but makeActions is   |
| missing, which they  |
| define to be         |
| absolutely required  |
| |  (10:54) <moovida> |
| so I didn't          |
| understand what to   |
| do                   |
| |  (10:55) <rgould>  |
| makeActions is       |
| missing from         |
| net.refractions.udig |
| .ui.MenuBuilder?     |
| |  (10:56) <moovida> |
| yes                  |
| |  (10:56) <moovida> |
| and also register    |
| |  (10:57) <moovida> |
| I think they are     |
| both needed          |
| |  (10:57) <rgould>  |
| oh, is there an      |
| org.eclipse.\*.MenuB |
| uilder               |
| class?               |
| |  (10:58) <moovida> |
| No, sorry, wait a    |
| second               |
| |  (10:58) <moovida> |
| I check the names    |
| |  (10:58) <moovida> |
| one sec              |
| |  (10:58) <rgould>  |
| because              |
| udig.ui.MenuBuilder  |
| is an interface that |
| was extracted from   |
| udig.ui.UDIGMenuBuil |
| der                  |
| |  (10:58) <rgould>  |
| so that other        |
| uDig-based apps      |
| could supply their   |
| own MenuBuilder      |
| Implementations      |
| |  (10:59) <moovida> |
| I'm not sure we are  |
| talking about the    |
| same, but I will try |
| to go on             |
| |  (10:59) <moovida> |
| ActionBarAdvisor     |
| delegates to         |
| MenuBuilder          |
| |  (11:00) <moovida> |
| right                |
| |  (11:00) <moovida> |
| ?                    |
| |  (11:00) <moovida> |
| If yes it (perhaps)  |
| needs to delegate    |
| also protected void  |
| register(IAction     |
| action) {            |
| |  (11:00) <rgould>  |
| yup                  |
| |  (11:01) <moovida> |
| and protected void   |
| makeActions(IWorkben |
| chWindow             |
| window) {            |
| |  (11:01) <moovida> |
| where would you      |
| create the actions   |
| else?                |
| |  (11:01) <moovida> |
| I would do that in   |
| the cosntructor      |
| |  (11:02) <moovida> |
| but the I would not  |
| know how to regsiter |
| |  (11:02) <moovida> |
| \* Registers the     |
| given action with    |
| the key binding      |
| service              |
| |  (11:02) <moovida> |
| \* (by calling       |
|                      |
| Unknown macro:       |
| {@link               |
| IActionBarConfigurer |
| #registerGlobalActio |
| n(IAction)}          |
| ),                   |
|  (11:02) <moovida>   |
| \* and adds it to    |
| the list of actions  |
| to be disposed when  |
| the window is        |
| closed.              |
|  (11:02) <moovida>   |
|  (11:02) <moovida>   |
|  (11:03) <rgould>    |
| hmm, ok I think I    |
| understand           |
|  (11:04) <rgould> (  |
| i don't have a udig  |
| development          |
| environment          |
| available at this    |
| moment so I can't do |
| anything right now)  |
|  (11:04) <moovida>   |
| what do you mean?    |
|  (11:06) <rgould>    |
| nevermind - do you   |
| want to create a     |
| jira task for this?  |
|  (11:06) <moovida>   |
| I'm not sure. What   |
| happens when we do   |
| not register?        |
|  (11:07) <moovida> I |
| mean, the builder is |
| good, because I can  |
| add comboboxes and   |
| whatever to the bar  |
|  (11:07) <moovida>   |
| which sometimes is   |
| really good          |
|  (11:07) <moovida>   |
| you think we need to |
| register?            |
|  (11:08) <rgould> i  |
| am not sure          |
|  (11:08) <moovida>   |
| If you want I can    |
| create it, so I      |
| learn to post bug    |
| requests on JIra     |
|  (11:08) <moovida>   |
| |image40|            |
|  (11:08) <rgould>    |
| (the UDIGMenuBuilder |
| doesn't seem to care |
| about it)            |
|  (11:08) <rgould>    |
| (but if I am going   |
| to change it,i'll    |
| have to change it    |
| later)               |
|  (11:09) <moovida>   |
| yes, the javadoc     |
| talks about          |
| keybinding service   |
|  (11:09) <moovida> I |
| will try to create   |
| an action that way   |
|  (11:09) <moovida>   |
| and see if it works  |
|  (11:09) <rgould> ok |
|  (11:09) <moovida>   |
| then we talk again   |
|  (11:10) <rgould> is |
| there a reason you   |
| are not using the    |
| actionSets extension |
| point?               |
|  (11:10) <moovida> I |
| guess because I'm    |
| not at that part of  |
| the book yet...      |
| |image41| My         |
| knowledge is a bit   |
| limited...           |
|  (11:11) <moovida>   |
| what would that do?  |
|  (11:11) <moovida>   |
| or better, I will    |
| have a look at it,   |
| so i don't bother    |
| you too long         |
|  (11:11) <rgould> ok |
| |image42| no worries |
|  (11:11) <rgould> it |
| may not be what you  |
| want, but take a     |
| lookt at it          |
|  (11:12) <moovida>   |
| alright, thanks      |
| |image43|            |
|  (11:12) <rgould> it |
| is how a lot of      |
| toolbar items are    |
| declared             |
|  (11:12) <rgould>    |
| (and menu items)     |
|  (11:12) <rgould> it |
| is not really a      |
| simple api, so feel  |
| free to poke me with |
| questions            |
|  (11:12) <moovida>   |
| big mistake, I will  |
| |image44|            |
|  (11:13) <rgould>    |
| haha!                |
|  (11:13) <moovida> I |
| noticed I have the   |
| RC10 sdk which Jesse |
| says is not there... |
| what am I missing?   |
|  (11:14) <moovida>   |
| Jesse, why are you   |
| saying the rc10 is   |
| not there?           |
|  (11:15) <moovida>   |
| alright, we can go   |
| on on the            |
| mailinglist about    |
| that                 |
|  (11:15) <moovida>   |
| meeting is overtime  |
| |image45|            |
|  (11:15) <moovida>   |
| any other thing      |
| left?                |
|  (11:15) \* moovida  |
| guesses not          |
|  (11:16) <rgould>    |
| the upload did not   |
| finish               |
|  (11:16) <rgould> so |
| he is uploading it   |
| again                |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

+-------------+----------------------------------------------------------+
| |image47|   | Document generated by Confluence on Aug 11, 2014 12:24   |
+-------------+----------------------------------------------------------+

.. |image0| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image1| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image2| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image3| image:: images/icons/emoticons/sad.gif
.. |image4| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image5| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image6| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image7| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image8| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image9| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image10| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image11| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image12| image:: images/icons/emoticons/sad.gif
.. |image13| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image14| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image15| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image16| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image17| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image18| image:: images/icons/emoticons/sad.gif
.. |image19| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image20| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image21| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image22| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image23| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image24| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image25| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image26| image:: images/icons/emoticons/sad.gif
.. |image27| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image28| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image29| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image30| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image31| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image32| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image33| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image34| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image35| image:: images/icons/emoticons/sad.gif
.. |image36| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image37| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image38| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image39| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image40| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image41| image:: images/icons/emoticons/sad.gif
.. |image42| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image43| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image44| image:: images/icons/emoticons/biggrin.gif
.. |image45| image:: images/icons/emoticons/smile.gif
.. |image46| image:: images/border/spacer.gif
.. |image47| image:: images/border/spacer.gif
